So, from my opinion, we should first finalize the first part, which is reviewing documents. So we have two parts of that. First, you can come and say, okay, you want to start drawing, you have your PDD and you want a review on it, or you have your MR, you have your monitoring report, and you want a review. So when you have a monitoring report, it means that you already did the project description. And you need to ensure that the parameters that you set up in your project description are all in your monitoring report. So, for example, the user can, okay, when it's monitoring report, he can maybe upload its own project description or other fields, files, so that based on it, the AI can say, okay, this was the project description, this is how we are going to review or write the monitoring report. So, we have that backend engine that we are building with all the reports, with all the documents. So the end user won't get access to it. You see, but he can create its own folders with its own documents where it can be based on, or it can even put maybe some research documents so AI can use it to help him build, for example, let's say I made a research in Ghana on the usage of biomass. I have made a KPT kitchen performance test, or I found some information online. I can put that in a specific folder so that AI can use it to help me draw, write. Or review, you see. So I think the first component where we can really attract project developers, where they can get a lot of time and benefit, is how I can review fast my PDDs and my monitoring report, my project document, to ensure that I will not do a lot of rounds with the auditor or the standards. Why? I save a lot of time. And the second thing is how I can write or how I can review. I think if you are already very, very good on that part, then after you can add more and more things. But first, yes, I have a PDD, I want to review it, or I want to start a PDD, the AI should help me write it, but I don't know how we can organize everything very, very well so that it fits. We should think about the platform being very, very evolutive with the AI learning, the more and more people upload their PDDs or upload their monitoring report, upload their validation report, the comment from the auditor, the AI is still learning also and getting more and more and more and more efficient. So I don't know how we can build that. I think that should be the first part. As I am myself a carbon project developer, I know that this is the first point where I can say, OK, today I want to put some money, I can put some money to have like an AI consultant or AI agent that can help me go fast. On reviewing my PDDs or writing PDDs in a monitoring report, ensuring the compliance, ensuring that all the parts are well filled and fastly filled.