Now I'm trying to look at, for example, the VM0050. The way we request all the information, first, I think that some information are still missing, and I think that it's very, very, very boring to complete and to fill all those stuff. Let's start by the boring part. I have the crediting period that is requested maybe two or three times in the questionnaire. Also, I am requested a lot of information, although all those information are really important. For example, the detailed objective, then again the project summary, then the project description and objectives. Why do I have so many times to give the objectives of the project? I don't really understand. This is one part. The baseline and additionality, the barrier, the common practices. It's just like if I have to, I don't know if you get it. It's like just filling a normal template. So there are some information I know that the AI cannot know unless we add some documents that the AI can be based on. Do you get my point? And for example, if it's a monitoring report, then I can put a PDD and the AI can already attract some of the information from the PDD. If it's a brand new PDD or a PDD, maybe some information can be extracted from another PDD of the same project developer. I don't know. The GHG emission reduction ownership, regulatory compliance. I don't really see what the AI will then do. What will be the goal of AI if you have to fill all of those things? Some things you really need the input of the project developer, but some other things are monitoring approach. What do you have to write there? Key parameter to monitor, why do we ask the end user, the project developer key parameter. In the methodology, we have the parameter to monitor. So maybe we should, it can just, just for life for the SDGs, you can have the parameter that it will just select the parameter that he has to monitor or the methodology or the AI will directly propose the parameter that he has to monitor, the sampling approach. I don't know if there is 10 or thousands of sampling approaches. I think there is not a lot. So the end user can just select instead of writing Q and QC procedure. That's why you are also training the AI so that a lot of things can be easily filled. Emission reduction. See, we have the annual AI estimate, the total AI estimate, the calculation. What should we put in the calculation approach? This should come from the methodology, the AI summary. What you look right there, and also for the emission reduction, if you look at the template, we both have the same answer for the SDGs on the gold standard. That's why I don't know how did you look at the template and also some examples. For the emission reduction, we should be able, for example, if it's a project description or document, then when we have the start date, we have some vintages. If it's five years, then we need to include the emission reduction for all of those five years for each vintage. If it's a monitoring report, then we need to do and enter for a specific vintage. The SDGs, we can check them, but you should already have a database of all the SDG indicators, so it's easy for the end user to select, or AI can already propose some indicators. You see, this seems very, very static. So I don't, why will someone want to use this tool instead of directly filling the template? I don't know if you get my point. For now, don't change anything. Just think precisely, think deeper, and let me know your thoughts.