There is something I want us to think about. Let's forget about the calculation for now. So let's keep it as something that we'll add later. Let's also forget about uploading documents, for example, in the project workspace. What would be the easiest way? This may need to revise or review a little bit the way the document tab, review tab, write draft tab, calculation tab, export tab, and project setting tab are put. Because for me, we should start by the project setting where you put some information about the project, the overall goal of the project, methodology, and so on and so forth, small descriptions, and so on and so forth. Then maybe there also you have to, I'm thinking, so don't change anything yet. We are just thinking, but I was thinking about the way for now we will just focus on two things. Review of project documents, write a new project document, and include it in the template. Now, it means for now, the user will have to provide or select all the parameters. For example, for the SDGs that will need to be included. For the emission reduction calculation, we will support that for now the end-user, the project developer made its own calculation. So we just include those calculations. It's like all type of information that are needed to write the PDD or the monitoring report, or the end-user will give it, but we should make it in a very, very gamifying, very nice way so that it's not boring to fill the forms or to fill it and easy to fill. So we just take the information from the project developer, and from that, the AI will draft the PDD or the monitoring report or the VPRDD, and depending on what you have chosen. And then, once we really know how to write the PDD, to review the PDD and all those stuff, then after in the second phase, we will add a calculation part and all those. But I'm still thinking, what is the best way to do this? I don't know if first you understand what I'm thinking about, and second, what will be the best way. It's mean, for now, we don't think about calculation. We just try to get as much information as we can from the project developer. And then we write the PDD, we review, we can regenerate this section, we can discuss with the AI and say, change this section and so on and so forth, or add more information on this or on that. And then once the PDD is complete, we review it, it's complete, then we put it in the... the AI put it in the template, or maybe even it's better to have another one section where we have already the template that is displayed with the section being filled. I don't know what's the best way, because some of the templates, there are also a lot of tables inside that need to be filled. But I'm just, I just want to have a first version that is fully viable, fully workable, where you can review or write a PDD or monitoring report. Once this is completed, we can already attract people on it. And then after, we will add calculation, we will add more, more, more, more, more, more things. Just think about it as the best architect, as the best project developer, how we can make this process really smooth for this first part. Also, how we can organize the layout, the tables and all those things so that you have a process from beginning to end very smooth.